e Edit earch iew ncoding Language Settings Tools Macro OrC
>
1 2
Rajesh has demonstrated his potential for greater responsibilities through his contributions to various projects. Notably, he played a key role in implementing the Proof of Concept (PoC) for email distribution, collaborating closely with both Business and Management teams. His ability to collect and analyze data has been instrumental in this process, and his continuous feedback, supported by logical implementations, has greatly enhanced project outcomes.
He has also tackled critical functionalities, such as the CML (Mentions) sean, which processes large datasets of companies and tickers for analyst approval in the Control Room. Additionally, Rajesh addressed challenges in CMI scanning by fixing existing legacy functionalities and navigating the complexities of the vendor application (EdiosMedia) business logic.
4
Rajesh is proactive in identifying pain points within the application and consistently suggests improvements or fixes. He is the go-to person for quick analyses and solutions, exemplified by his work on resolving issues with the Dispersion chart. Engages:
5 6
He successfully collaborated with our Business team to implement the Mentions scan functionality, effectively gathering ideal use cases and providina optimal solutions. His efforts were recognized and appreciated by Marcos Arana (Managing Director and Global Head of Research Change and Operations).
Rajesh has also played a crucial role in directly engaging with Clents,
including S&P, Aiera, MWAM, and Thomson Reuters, to facilitate the STc
8
onboarding of new servers for document publishing. Additionally, he has been actively involved with both Management and Business teams in implementing the Proof of Concept (PoC) for Email Distribution using Adobe Integration Services. Rajesh has dedicated significant effort to analyze existino behaviors and identify the best possible solutions by thoroughly evaluating the pros and cons of various approaches
9 10 11
Influences:
would like to commend Rajesh for his outstanding contributions to documentation and knowledge sharing within our team. He has consistently ensured that all documentation is up to date with the latest features and design approaches, allowing other teams to access current information with
12
minimal intervention. Rajesh took the initiative to document the RPDIL Feed data mapping, which has proven int for quickly analyzing production issues related .
to RPDIL. • le effectively demonstrated the functionality of AEP and AJO to both technical and non-technical stakeholders in a clear and concise manner. Additionally, Rajesh has independently created and maintained the Confluence page for the Adobe Integration module, which has significantly aided new teams in familiarizing themselves with the system with minimal effort. to the Proof of Concept (PoC) for Adobe have instilled confidence in management and business stakeholders regarding His substantial contributions the implementation and execution of the Email Distribution project. He is now acting as SME for Adobe and now helping other teams with his knowledge' to speed up their progress in their respective areas.
13
14
15 16 18
Achieves:
) INS E6
He has consistently risen to challenges, acquiring both technical and domain knowledge that he effectively leverages to address critical isgues, length:7,281 lines : 48 Ln:48 Col:1 Pos:7,282 Windows (CRLF TF-8
Normal text file
10:51 PM 9/15/2025
neLL
F4
o: F6.
o: `F7
F8
prtsc
home
insert
ESC
